A goal in each half for Argentina prevented a late Australia surge from coming to fruition, sealing a 2-1 nervy but deserved victory. Despite few chances for either side in the first half, Messi capped his 1,000th game for club and country with his first World Cup knockout goal, finishing in clinical fashion following a free-kick that wasn’t adequately cleared. Alvarez’s strike three minutes before the hour looked to wrap up the result, but a late Goodwin strike - deemed an own goal thanks to Fernandez’s deflection - made it anything but easy in the end. Scaloni’s side would ultimately see out the remainder of the game without adding to their lead despite promising opportunities in injury time, but hung on to book their fourth quarter-final trip in the last five World Cups.
With what was ultimately a comfortable victory, Argentina sweep into the World Cup final by seizing a crucial two-goal advantage during a few short minutes in the first half. Some vintage Messi magic opened up Croatia again after the interval; allowing partner Alvarez to strike once more, and the Albiceleste are set to feature in another global final - only eight years after their last. Led by Modric - who was somewhat subdued today - the Croatians bow out after yet another spirited run to the latter stages, and they are consigned to contesting third place at the weekend.
ARGENTINA WIN THE WORLD CUP! It took penalties after an electric 3-3 draw, but Argentina win 4-2 in the shootout! Messi and Di Maria scored the first-half goals for Argentina before Mbappe's late brace took it to extra time. Messi thought he'd won it, but Mbappe penned them back again, getting his hat-trick from the spot. In the shootout, Martinez made a huge save before Tchouameni missed. Argentina scored all of theirs, with Montiel scoring the winner.
It may not have been a memorable performance, but Argentina get the win they needed, beating Mexico 2-0 at the Lusail Stadium to keep their hopes of qualification alive. As is so often the case, Messi proved to be the difference after a first half in which his side failed to hit the target. His goal from 25 yards out midway through the second half sneaked into the bottom corner to give the Albiceleste the lead and he would turn provider 23 minutes later, setting Fernandez up for a wonderful second. Mexico were determined but lacked quality in the final third, with the result dropping them to the bottom of the section, while Argentina climb into second.
Argentina took the lead in the 10th minute as they were awarded a penalty after the referee saw a foul on Paredes on the VAR monitor. Messi rolled the spot kick past Al Owais, who dived the wrong way. The South American team put the ball in the net a further three times in the half, twice by Martinez and once by Messi, but they were all disallowed for offside. Saudi Arabia could not manage a shot in the first 45 minutes but they scored with both of their shots on target in the second half. Al Shehri equalised in the 48th minute after scoring via a deflection from Romero before Al Dawsari scored a stunning curler put Saudi Arabia in the lead. Al Owais made five saves in the game while substitute Al Amri cleared the ball off the line in the 92nd minute to secure a 2-1 win for his side.
The first half was largely controlled by Denmark but still fairly quiet in both boxes. Ryan was forced into a stop after Souttar turned Maehle’s cross toward his own goal, but the goalkeeper reacted well to save with his feet. Australia did manage three shots on target in the first period, but all the attempts were tame and comfortable for Schmeichel to save. Australia started the second period well and were rewarded as Leckie put them in the lead in the 60th minute. He ran 40 yards before nutmegging Maehle on his on way to finding the bottom right corner. Denmark were poor in the second half and could not trouble Ryan at all as Australia win 1-0 to progress to the knockout rounds.
Belgium kick their World Cup campaign off with a victory. Canada started brightly and even had a Davies penalty saved in the first half only for Batshuayi to fire Belgium into the lead shortly before half-time. His team then took control of the game in the second half to see out an impressive victory against a talented side.
Magnificent Morocco can enjoy their moment! The North Africans have fully merited this victory over a stilted Belgium side. The Atlas Lions were defensively resolute and scored through Sabiri's free-kick as the Belgians failed to learn from Ziyech's ruled-out goal. The Red Devils froze, and Aboukhlal picked them off to seal a famous win.
After several chances that were not taken in the first 45 minutes, Brazil came out after half-time and continued to put Serbia on the backfoot. The opener came in the 62nd minute, Richarlison taking advantage of the ball Vanja Milinkovic-Savic parried into his path, smashing it into the back of the net. Richarlison also scored Brazil's second, an impressive acrobatic volley in the 73rd minute to secure the win. Serbia were relatively toothless going forward, and were unable to test Brazil's backline.
Quite an incredible performance from Brazil. An absolutely dominant first half put the game to bed by the half-time whistle - goals from Vinicius, Neymar, Richarlison and Paqueta ensured that they had the cushion of a four-goal lead heading into the interval. They took their foot off the gas in the second half and Korea Republic even managed to score a consolation goal through Seung-Ho Paik. But it was too little, too late.
It's all over, and Brazil sneak the victory in a game they were far from their best in to secure qualification to the last 16! Casemiro's thumping finish seven minutes from time grants them all three points, after an earlier goal by Vinicius was ruled out for an offside in the build-up. Switzerland did threaten going forward, but Brazil kept them at bay relatively easily, and eventually their quality in the final third told as Casemiro lashed in the winner. The Selecao are home and dry in the knockouts, while Switzerland have plenty to do in their final game against Serbia in order to join them.
It's all over, as Cameroon seal a famous win over Brazil that ultimately comes in vain. Vincent Aboubakar's late header caused pandemonium, as Cameroon snatched a win in a game which was largely dominated by Brazil. The Selecao peppered Epassy's goal at times, but their finishing let them down, and Brazil couldn't finish their group stage campaign with a flourish. They'll still top Group G though, despite Switzerland's 3-2 win over Serbia, but that result spells the end of Cameroon's tournament, who needed the Swiss to draw or lose in order to progress at their expense.
Aboubakar came off the bench to score and assist for Cameroon who came from two goals behind to draw with Serbia in a World Cup classic. It was Cameroon who opened the scoring after Mitrovic missed two opportunities, with Castelletto latching onto Tolo’s corner. However, Serbia bounced back, heading into the break with the lead after two goals in first half stoppage time. Pavlovic scored the equaliser, directing Tadic’s free-kick past Epassy before Milinkovic-Savic curled his effort into the bottom corner. Struggling after going behind, Serbia looked to have claimed all three points when Mitrovic finished off a stunning move before Song made a change. Replacing Hongla with Aboubakar, the extra striker made the difference. Getting a goal back with a delicate chip, with the 30-year-old given the goal after a VAR check, the substitute then set up the leveller two minutes later. On the right, he cut the ball to Choupo-Moting, who couldn’t have had an easier finish.
Thanks to some clinical finishing and typically steadfast defending, Morocco win a second successive game at Qatar 2022 and reach the World Cup's knockout phase for the first time since 1986. Though they were forced back by an improved Canada side after the interval, the Atlas Lions top their group and become the second African nation to progress. They will now be paired up with a side from Group E, possibly Spain or Germany, and their fearless approach may make them an opponent to be wary of.
Germany are out of the World Cup despite coming from behind to beat Costa Rica thanks to a brace from substitute Havertz. Ahead early on through a Gnabry header, Costa Rica turned the score in their favour in the second half. First, it was Tejeda who slammed the ball into the bottom corner, getting on the end of a rebound after Neuer fumbled Waston’s header. Suarez’s side briefly moved above Spain and into second when Vargas' flick was directed into the net by Neuer, before Havertz hit back with a quick response. Germany were behind for just three minutes, with the Chelsea man directing Fullkrug’s pass beyond Navas before slamming Gnabry’s inviting cross past the Costa Rican goalkeeper. With an assist to his name, Fullkrug then scored Germany’s fourth to confirm the victory, striking the ball in from close range after Sane laid it into his path. It was first disallowed for offside before VAR intervened to give the goal.
Croatia advance to the World Cup round of 16 at the expense of Belgium after playing out a goalless draw in their Group F clash. Neither team could force a breakthough, but Romelu Lukaku missed four great openings that could have saved the Red Devils from a premature exit from the competition. Lukaku struck the post and missed from close range on a frustrating night for the forward after he was introduced at half-time. Croatia held firm at the back to secure the goalless draw to advance in second place ahead of Belgium, while Morocco finish top of Group F as a result of their win over Canada.
Croatia are through to the World Cup semi-finals for the second tournament in a row courtesy of a 4-2 victory over Brazil on penalties after their quarter-final clash finished 1-1. Neymar looked to have put the Selecao on the path to the last four with a brilliant goal to break the deadlock in stoppage time in the first half of extra time. However, Bruno Petkovic equalised with a deflected effort to keep Croatia alive in the second half of extra time. Dominik Livakovic then performed his magic again to deny Rodrygo Silva from the penalty spot, while Zlatko Dalic's men were perfect piling the pressure on Marquinhos to score. The defender struck the post with a vital kick, sending Croatia through and Brazil home yet again at the quarter-final stage.
Canada’s first-ever lead in a World Cup came just 120 seconds into the match but it wasn’t enough to keep their hopes alive as Croatia come back to win 4-1 at the Khalifa International Stadium. Davies gave the Canucks their first-ever goal at a World Cup finals, but the advantage lasted just over a half-hour, before Kramaric pulled Dalic’s men back level with an accurate strike. Livaja’s finish a minute before injury time gave the 2018 finalists a 2-1 lead at the half, more or less confirming the result. To their credit, Canada remained positive and looked for a result until the end but confusion at the back would cost them two more after the interval with Perisic linking up with Kramaric for the second time in the game after 70 minutes, before a late Majer tap-in put the finishing touches on the win. The three points give Dalic’s side a chance to finish the group on top, while Canada are eliminated.
Croatia finish third in the World Cup after a 2-1 win over Morocco! It took Croatia just seven minutes to break the deadlock as Gvardiol scored a brilliant diving header, but they were pegged back less than two minutes later when Dari nodded in from close range. Orsic restored their lead not long before half-time with a lovely effort that curled in off the far post. Morocco had two big chances in the second half to try and take it to extra time, but Livakovic made himself big to deny En-Nesyri before the forward thumped a header over in the final seconds.
Denmark were denied a late penalty in an entertaining goalless draw with Tunisia in the opening match of Group D. Deep into stoppage time, referee Cesar Arturo Ramos was instructed to go to the monitor after the ball hit the hand of Meriah, but he decided not to give a spot-kick. It would have been harsh on Tunisia, who had the better of the chances. In the first half, Jebali had a goal disallowed for offside before being denied by Schmeichel. One-on-one with the former Leicester man, Jebali’s close-range chip was tipped wide by the goalkeeper. After a difficult opening 45 minutes, Denmark grew into the game. Given the captaincy, after Kjaer was substituted, Eriksen had an effort pushed wide before substitute Cornelius had a glorious opportunity. The ball was headed towards him by Christensen but he hit the post with the goal gaping. Running towards it, he attempted to turn it in with his knee before using his head.
Senegal are through to the knockout stages for the first time since 2002 with a 2-1 win over Ecuador. Sarr won a penalty just before the break when Hincapie crashed into him, and he coolly stepped up to slot it home. Ecuador pushed after the break and equalised from a corner when Caicedo tapped in from close range, but just two and a half minutes later, Senegal took the lead again. Idrissa Gueye's free-kick deflected to Koulibaly and the captain volleyed in the winner to send his side through.
France are through to the semi-finals of the World Cup after a 2-1 win over England. The holders broke the deadlock in the 17th minute through Tchouameni's long-range strike into the bottom corner. England made a bright start to the second half, though, and were awarded a penalty after Saka was tripped, and Kane fired it into the back of the net. Giroud restored France's lead in the 78th minute with a header from close range and the Three Lions had another chance to equalise from the spot, but Kane blazed that one high over the bar.
England open their World Cup campaign with a 6-2 win over Iran. The Three Lions were out of sight at half-time, taking a 3-0 lead into the break; Bellingham glanced in his first England goal before Saka and Sterling added to the tally. Saka got his second just after the hour mark before Taremi pulled one back when he fired one in off the underside of the bar. Rashford and Grealish both came off the bench to wrap it up, with the former scoring just 49 seconds after his introduction. A late penalty from Taremi after a foul by Stones finished off the game.
The full-time whistle goes, sealing England's passage to the quarter-finals of the World Cup! The Three Lions began the second half as they finished the first, scoring their third goal through Saka within 12 minutes of the restart. From then on, it was a case of keeping Senegal at arm's length, and England certainly did that, nearly adding to their lead on several occasions and restricting their opponents to the occasional pop-shot as they closed out a 3-0 victory, to set up a mouth-watering clash with France in the last eight.
England and USA have played out the fifth goalless draw of this World Cup and counting. Neither team deserved to win this, in truth. The Americans worried the English in the first hour before Southgate's men managed to quieten things down. They couldn't break down their well-organised opponents though, and the game soon petered out.
France get their World Cup defence off to a winning start, easily beating Australia! Les Bleus got caught cold by Goodwin's early goal, the fastest at this World Cup so far, but weren't fazed as they then proceeded to score four goals without reply. Giroud will be pleased with his double, while Mbappe was magnificent as ever.
A brace from Mbappe earns all three points for France, who edge past Denmark 2-1 at Stadium 974. After a first half that had promise but lacked clinical finishing, the two sides shifted into life after the restart with both teams confident in their ability to win the match. Mbappe gave his nation the lead just after the hour, linking up with Hernandez during a counter-attack before beating Schmeichel with a close-range shot but Hjulmand’s team were not to be denied - equalising seven minutes later. Eriksen’s corner found its intended target, with Andersen’s flick-on supplying Christensen with the chance to beat Lloris. The result would be decided four minutes from time though, with the PSG forward latching onto Griezmann’s cross to turn the ball over the line. The win guarantees France’s passage to the knockouts, while Denmark must beat Australia on the final day.
France advance to their second World Cup final in a row courtesy of a 2-0 win over Morocco in their semi-final clash. Theo Hernandez put Les Bleus in front in the fifth minute with a close-range finish after Kylian Mbappe's effort was blocked. France spurned opportunities to double their advantage, which gave Morocco hope as Jawad El Yamiq struck the post. However, Didier Deschamps' men remained strong at the back and duly notched their second to wrap up the contest through substitute Randal Kolo Muani, who scored his first international goal to send his team into the final.
France advance to the quarter-finals of the World Cup courtesy of a 3-1 win over Poland in their round-of-16 clash. Olivier Giroud opened the scoring with a record-breaking 52nd goal for Les Bleus, taking him beyond Thierry Henry as France's all-time leading goalscorer. Kylian Mbappe displayed his brilliance to steer his team through with two superb strikes to take his tally of goals to five at the tournament. Robert Lewandowski got a consolation at the death for Poland from the penalty spot, but their World Cup has now ended.
GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! Can you believe it???? Itakura's long ball from a free-kick in his own half is met by Asano, who beats Schlotterbeck with a beauty of a first touch. He darts into the box and smashes a shot from the tightest of angles, which beats Neuer and flies into the roof of the net!!! What a turnaround, what a story, and what a finish, to put Japan 2-1 up!!!
Uruguay and Ghana are both knocked out of the World Cup, despite a 2-0 win for Uruguay. Andre Ayew had the chance to give Ghana the lead from the spot after VAR awarded a penalty for a late challenge by Rochet, but his tame effort was saved. Two goals in six minutes from De Arrascaeta then put Uruguay in the driving seat and they were heading into the last 16 until a late goal for South Korea in the other game gave them a win. Uruguay were denied a penalty by VAR, and no matter how hard both sides pushed, they couldn't find the back of the net in stoppage time.
Iran threw everything they had at the USA, but the Americans overall had more quality and deserved the win. They particularily dominated in the first half, and were able to find their sole goal in the 38th minute through Pulisic. Iran looked a much better side in the second half, with Rezaeian especially showing a lot of quality on the right-hand side, but they ultimately could not get a chance past Turner.
A remarkable change of fortunes for both nations sees Costa Rica - thrashed by Spain in their opener - turn over Germany's conquerors Japan; scoring the winning goal late on, via their first shot on target of the tournament. After an admirable defensive display, Los Ticos made the most of an ineffective Japanese attack to absorb some second-half pressure and strike on the counter. Fuller's finish in the 81st minute sees the team which only squeezed into the finals with a playoff win over New Zealand move level on points with both Japan and Group E leaders Spain.
Both teams started the game with a lot of energy but as the minutes ticked by, Croatia began to control the game and dictate the pace, which was very slow. Perisic had Croatia's best chance of the half but could not beat Gonda from close range following a mistake from Tomiyasu. Japan found some momentum at the end of the half and made it count after Maeda scored his first goal of the tournament. He reacted quickest to Yoshida's knockdown to give Japan the lead in the 43rd minute. The only highlight in the second half was Perisic's equaliser as if bullet header could not be stopped this time by Gonda. Extra time was quiet and saw a lack of chances other than a deflected effort from Mitoma. Livakovic became the hero in the penalty shootout as he saved three of the four Japan penalties, with only Asano scoring. Pasalic dispatched the winning penalty with Croatia winning the shootout 3-1.
All over and both Japan and Spain progress to the Round of 16. Spain took the lead in the first half through Morata only for Japan to mount a dramatic comeback in the second half following goals from Doan and Tanaka. That, coupled with the fact that Germany beat Costa Rica in the group's other game, means that Japan go through as group winners while Spain go through as runners-up.
Mexico and Poland play out a goalless draw in their World Cup Group C clash at Stadium 974. Robert Lewandowski missed the best chance of the game as he failed to convert from the penalty spot after being fouled by Hector Moreno. Both teams struggled to create chances in the final third and the draw was the fair result in the end, allowing the two sides to add a point each to their tallies in their first match of the tournament.
It finishes goalless between Morocco and Croatia. There wasn't much to split the sides, with both of them having just two shots on target each in the game. Croatia had the better of the first-half chances, with Perisic and Modric firing over and Vlasic forcing a good save out of Bounou. After the break, Mazraoui saw a diving header pushed away before Livakovic denied Hakimi's powerful long-range strike.
History is written, as Morocco become Africa's first World Cup semi-finalists by bravely beating Portugal in Al Thumama. Defending relentlessly and exhibiting great skill on the break, the Atlas Lions roar into the final four thanks to En-Nesyri's magnificent first-half header. Even with several injuries to contend with, they delight their hordes of noisy fans, and having eliminated Belgium, Spain and now Portugal, a high-stakes clash with England or France awaits.
Morocco qualified for the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time after beating Spain on penalties. Stuck in their third for most of the game, they went close through Aguerd in the first half before surviving an onslaught. Having just one shot in the second half, Bounou pushed away Olmo’s powerful effort before Morata missed the target with a header. In extra-time, Simon made a point-blank save from Cheddira before Sarabia hit the post with the final kick to send the match to penalties. Spain faltered from the spot, failing to score any of their three penalties. Sarabia hit the post with Bounou saving spot-kicks from Soler and Busquets. Morocco were cool from 12 yards. Simon saved Benoun's effort, but composed strikes from Sabiri and Ziyech, and a chip from Hakimi sent Regragui’s side through.
It's all over, and Argentina squeeze their way home as they progress to the last four! The Oranje's late comeback, and the two goals from Wout Weghorst right at the very end looked to have swung momentum in their favour, but couldn't find another in the half-hour of extra time. Penalties inevitably came, and two wonderful Emi Martinez saves gave his side the advantage, with the Albiceleste edging a 4-3 victory in the shoot-out to set up a semi-final showdown with Croatia.
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! And this time it WILL count!!! Estupinan is found in open space down the left and drills a low shot from the edge of the box. He gets down well and parries it, but Valencia is on hand to stab the ball into back of the net to make it 1-1! They were denied by the flag right at the end of the first half, but Ake plays Valencia onside here, meaning they do get their just reward right at the start of the second!
The Netherlands are safely through to the World Cup round of 16 courtesy of a 2-0 win over Qatar in their final Group A game. Goals from Cody Gakpo and Frenkie de Jong secured the three points for the Oranje to send them into the next round as group winners. They were never troubled by Qatar, who ended their campaign with three defeats.
An impressively clinical performance from the Netherlands sees them through to the last eight of Qatar 2022, as they swat aside the challenge of a high-energy USA team. Soaking up some pressure at times, the Oranje used all of their experience - and that of their celebrated coach - to take advantage of the States' naivety and score three times, with the irrepressible Dumfries involved on each occasion. The first was a fluid footballing moment reminiscent of their famed Total Football, and though they were briefly tested by conceding a second-half goal, Van Gaal's men deservedly take their place in the quarter-finals.
It's all over at Stadium 974, and Argentina are through to the last 16! The South Americans have thoroughly dismantled Poland to do it. Mac Allister and Alvarez got the goals, but they should have had more after Messi had a penalty saved in the first half. Poland will be mightily relieved they didn't.
Poland pick up three points to put themselves in pole position to progress to the Round of 16 ahead of the final game of the group phase. Saudi Arabia played well but goals from Zielinski and Lewandowski made the difference, ultimately, as did Al Dawsari's failure to convert his penalty. A competent performance from them.
Portugal get off the mark at the World Cup with a dramatic 3-2 victory over Ghana at the 974 Stadium. After a goalless first half, Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring with a controversial penalty to become the first man to score at five World Cups. Andre Ayew equalised for the Black Stars, but Joao Felix and Rafael Leao scored their first World Cup goals to put the Selecao in command. Osman Bukari made it a tense finish with a close-range header and Diogo Costa almost handed Inaki Williams a stoppage-time equaliser only for the forward to slip at the vital moment. Fernando Santos' men held on to secure the three points to get up and running in Group H.
Portugal have strolled into the World Cup quarter-finals with a memorable performance! They've utterly thrashed Switzerland in Lusail. The headlines will deservedly go to Ramos for his hat-trick, but this was a true team effort from the Portuguese. Fernando Santos got every decision he had to make right. The Swiss looked beaten by half-time and were.
Portugal are through to the knockout stages after a 2-0 win over Uruguay. Portugal took the lead with their first shot on target. Fernandes curled what was supposed to be a cross straight into the net, and though Ronaldo tried to claim a deft header, he didn't get a touch. Gomez hit the post for Uruguay before Suarez and De Arrascaete also came close. A dubious handball decision went against Gimenez and Fernandes coolly slotted the penalty home, before being denied a hat-trick by the post deep in stoppage time.
Ecuador secure a 2-0 victory over Qatar in the first match of the 2022 World Cup at the Al Bayt Stadium. El Tri saw a third-minute header from Enner Valencia disallowed for offside by VAR, but Valencia soon got his side up and running scoring from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Saad Al Sheeb. The Ecuador captain then extended his side's lead with a brilliant header from Angel Preciado's cross. Almoez Ali missed Qatar's best chance of the game before the interval, heading wide from close range. Ecuador saw out the result in the second half with ease to notch a victory and three vital points in Group A.
Senegal get their first win of the 2022 World Cup with a 3-1 victory over Qatar. Dia opened the scoring just before half-time when he took advantage of Khoukhi's slip to roll his shot past Barsham into the back of the net. Just three minutes after the break, Diedhiou doubled their lead with a glancing header from a corner. Qatar did grow into the game and got their first-ever World Cup goal when substitute Muntari thumped in a header, but Dieng wrapped it up late on with a first-time strike.
Heartbreak for Mexico as they are out of the World Cup despite a 2-1 win over Saudi Arabia. Mexico were on top from the first whistle and finally got their breakthrough just two minutes into the second half when Martin poked in from close range. Chavez then scored a truly outstanding long-range free-kick to make it 2-0. They needed a third to leapfrog Poland into second place, and Lozano and Antuna both had goals disallowed for tight offsides before Al Dawsari ended their hopes with a late consolation for Saudi Arabia.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's the finishing touch!!! Depay is one-on-one with Koulibaly and steps beyond him before shooting early. Mendy gets down to the effort, but can only parry it straight into the path of Klaassen, who arrives late to slot the ball into the empty net! A late flurry from the Dutch has seen them pull away from Senegal, and they'll end the game with a 2-0 victory!
Switzerland have sealed their place in the last 16 of the World Cup! Freuler's second-half goal saw them see off Serbia in a fiery encounter. There was little between the two sides in a hectic first half, but the Swiss took control of the match after the break and never relinquished it.
South Korea started the game well and looked more likely to score before Salisu broke the deadlock for Ghana in the 24th minute. Jordan Ayew sent in a dangerous free-kick into the six-yard box and South Korea failed to clear their lines. Salisu was quickest to react to the loose ball and fired home. Kudus then doubled Ghana's lead with a glancing header, once again from a Jordan Ayew cross. South Korea mounted a comeback early in the second half. Cho scored two headers either side of the hour mark, but they were only level for seven minutes as Kudus secured his own brace with a great finish past Kim Seung-gyu. South Korea tried to get a third but to no avail, as Ghana take all three points with a 3-2 win.
Portugal took the lead after just five minutes after Horta found the back of the net on his World Cup debut. South Korea equalised 20 minutes later after Kim Young-gwon reacted quickest to a mistake from Ronaldo. The first half was played at a very slow pace with both sides being very patient with their build-up play. Portugal were the more dominant side however, forcing Kim Seung-gyu into five saves. The second half was relatively quiet for the most part until Son Heung-min countered forward and Hwang Hee-chan scored the winner in the 91st minute to put South Korea through to the knockout rounds.
Though met by little in the way of resistance, Spain put on a passing masterclass in their opening match of the 2022 World Cup, and show a clinical side in hitting hapless Costa Rica for seven. After Olmo's early goal broke the deadlock, Luis Enrique's side pushed forward relentlessly and dominated the ball to an almost comical extent - the Costa Ricans barely had a kick, and failed to manage even a single shot at goal. With several young starlets impressing for La Roja, the stage is now set for a seismic clash with Germany this weekend.
The spoils are shared. Spain took the lead early in the second half through Morata only for Fullkrug to equalise for Germany inside the final 10 minutes. In truth, a draw is a fair result and keeps Germany alive heading into the final game of the group phase. Spain are top of Group E, but haven't yet confirmed their place in the Round of 16.
Embolo scored the only goal of the game to get Switzerland off to a winning start in Group G. Second-best in the first half, the Swiss scored three minutes after the break. Xhaka started the move, sliding the ball down the right to Shaqiri who picked out Embolo in the middle of the box. Unmarked, the striker lashed the ball past Onana who had no chance. Switzerland could have scored a second through a similar move. This time it was Vargas who had the scoring opportunity, but the Inter goalkeeper pushed his attempt wide. Tired in the second 45 minutes, Cameroon should have taken the lead in the first. Mbeumo ignored Choupo-Moting in the middle of the box, lashing a shot from the left straight at Sommer before the Switzerland goalkeeper pushed away Hongla’s attempt later in the half.
Australia secure their first victory at a World Cup since 2010 by beating Tunisia 1-0 to give their hopes of reaching the last 16 a huge boost. Mitchell Duke scored the only goal of the game with a precise header from Craig Goodwin's cross. Tunisia pressed and threatened briefly through efforts from Youssef Msakni, but the Socceroos were resolute at the back, led by Harry Souttar, to hold out for the three points.
It's all over, and despite Australia's win over Denmark putting paid to their chances of reaching the last 16, Tunisia hold on to record an historic victory over the world champions! The Eagles of Carthage secured their breakthrough, and their first goal of the tournament, thanks to Wahbi Khazri's wonderful strike. France piled on the pressure thereafter, and Antoine Griezmann thought he had scored a late equaliser, but VAR put paid to his efforts. Tunisia secure a victory which does not send them through, but will be long remembered in the annuls of Tunisian football.
A typical game of two halves ends in a 1-1 draw, after the US dominated the first half with a livewire display and Wales fought back via a more direct approach after the interval. Both teams take a point from their opening Group B fixture, but given the circumstances, Wales will be more pleased with salvaging something from an encounter they simply couldn't get a foothold in during the first 45. Once again, Bale is the Welsh saviour as the Dragons roar back late on.
The first half was evenly contested with both sides having good spells throughout. South Korea started and ended the half well with their best chance coming in the 34th minute when Ui-Jo fired over the bar despite being uncontested inside the box. Godin almost scored against the run of play just before the break as his header from a corner crashed against the woodwork, Uruguay's best chance of the half. The second half was quiet for the most part, but it burst into life toward the end. Valverde hit the post with a long-range effort in the 90th minute before Son shot wide at the other end after a mistake from Rochet. Neither side could find a goal as the game finished 0-0.
Putting on a comprehensive performance today, England stroll through to the knockout stages; seeing off the challenge of neighbours Wales, who exit the finals with a muted display. A brilliant brace from Rashford, plus Foden's direct approach - and goal - helped the Three Lions overcome limited opponents, who are now surely at the end of their golden era. Southgate's side roll on to the last 16 as Group B winners; Wales finish fourth.
GOAALLLL! GAME OVER! 2-0 IRAN! One goal behind, Wales get caught on the counter. Taremi moves forward with the ball, waiting for support. Rezaeian rushes up from right-back to the outskirts of the box, chipping it over Ward and into the goal.
